feat: Sovereign Cloud Support for Azure (initial work) (#663)
gruntwork-io/terratest: examples/azure/client_factory.md

## Azure SDK Client Factory 

This documentation provides and overview of the `client_factory.go` module, targeted use cases, and behaviors. 

> ## Multi-cloud environment support

Reviewer: These are solid docs, but does putting it in the `examples` folder make sense? Or should this be top-level documentation part of the [Terratest documentation site](https://terratest.gruntwork.io/docs/)? Note that the site is generated from Markdown repos in the same repo, so this would be mostly about moving these docs. E.g., There could be an "Azure authentication" page under "Testing best practices."

Author: Agreed on docs...we picked an initial spot that didn't get us into messing with the docs jekyl site at the same time. @rguthriemsft - thoughts here?

Reviewer: Discussion of docs is happening [in Slack](https://gruntwork-io.slack.com/archives/C015S5V8DE2/p1602110186026800?thread_ts=1601681297.020100&cid=C015S5V8DE2), so I'll mark this one as unresolved for now.

> In order to better support Azure customers, we needed to support both Public and sovereign cloud environments (includes USGovernment, Germany, China, and Azure Stack).  To do this, we need to use the correct base URI's for the Azure management plane when using the REST API (either directly or via SDK). For the Go SDK, this can be accomplished by using the `WithBaseURI` suffixed calls when creating service clients.

Reviewer: NIT: We should write this from the voice of Terratest, the open source project, and not Microsoft, the company. 

```suggestion
The Azure APIs need to support both Public and sovereign cloud environments (includes USGovernment, Germany, China, and Azure Stack).  To do this, we need to use the correct base URI's for the Azure management plane when using the REST API (either directly or via SDK). For the Go SDK, this can be accomplished by using the `WithBaseURI` suffixed calls when creating service clients.
```

Author: Took a stab at making this in a more "active" voice...not sure how to describe without losing detail.

## Configuration and Defaults

To configure different cloud environments, we will use the same `AZURE_ENVIRONMENT` environment variable that the Go SDK uses. This can be set to one of the following values:

|Value                      |Cloud Environment  |
|---------------------------|-------------------|
|"AzureChinaCloud"          |ChinaCloud         |
|"AzureGermanCloud"         |GermanCloud        |
|"AzurePublicCloud"         |PublicCloud        |
|"AzureUSGovernmentCloud"   |USGovernmentCloud  |
|"AzureStackCloud"          |Azure stack        |

Note that when using the "AzureStackCloud" setting, you must also set the `AZURE_ENVIRONMENT_FILEPATH` variable to point to a JSON file containing your Azure Stack URI deatils.

>NOTE: The default behavior of the `client_factory` is to use the AzurePublicCloud environment. This requires no work from the developer to configure, and ensures consistent behavior with the current SDK code.       

## Usage Patterns

Modules authors will interact with the `client_factory` through the `NewClientFactory` method on the `azure` package as shown below:

> ```golang

Reviewer: One advantage of moving these docs into the Terratest docs site is that you can use `include` to pull in code snippets from real, tested code, rather than copy/pasting that code directly into Markdown. See the `{% include ... %}` usage here, for example: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest/blob/master/docs/_docs/01_getting-started/quick-start.md#example-1-terraform-hello-world. That `include` gets rendered as follows: https://terratest.gruntwork.io/docs/getting-started/quick-start/#example-1-terraform-hello-world

Author: Will revisit on outcome of moving this into Jekyll site (above).

    // Get a new factory instance and get requested client
	factory := NewClientFactory()
	client, err := factory.GetClientE(VirtualMachinesClientType, subscriptionID)
	if err != nil {
		return nil, err
	}

	// Type cast and verify
	vmClient, ok := client.(compute.VirtualMachinesClient)
	if !ok {
		return nil, fmt.Errorf("Unable to convert client to type compute.VirtualMachinesClient")
	}
```

The `ClientFactory` interface currently exposes the following methods - these will be built out more as more modules are developed and integrated:

* `GetClientE(clientType ClientType, subscriptionID string)`: returns a client instance based on the ClientType passed, along with any error.

> * `GetClientBaseURIE(clientType ClientType, client interface{})`: returns the configured BaseURI for the given client, along with any error.

Reviewer: Any reason not to expose the non-E versions of the methods (i.e., `GetClient` and `GetClientBaseURI`) that fail the test if there was any error?

Author: Removed these specific examples from the docs; however, the `client_factory` is not intended to be used by _test writers_; instead, it's in support of _module authors_ to correctly support multicloud environment details.
